feat: create KFP ASR (Automatic Speech Recognition) conversion demo pipeline using Docling, FFmpeg, Whisper Turbo and LLamaStack (#27)
opendatahub-io/rag: demos/kfp/docling/asr-conversion/README.md

- A LlamaStack service with a vector database backend deployed (follow our [official deployment documentation](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/rag/blob/main/DEPLOYMENT.md))
-  `ffmpeg` dependency (note: this is installed automatically by the pipeline components).
- GPU-enabled nodes are highly recommended for faster processing.
- You can still use only CPU nodes but it will take longer time to execute pipeline.

  

**Pipeline Parameters**
-  `base_url`: URL where audio files are hosted
-  `audio_filenames`: Comma-separated list of audio files to process
-  `num_workers`: Number of parallel workers (default: 1)
-  `vector_db_id`: ID of the vector database to store embeddings
-  `service_url`: URL of the LlamaStack service
-  `embed_model_id`: Embedding model to use (default: `ibm-granite/granite-embedding-125m-english`)
-  `max_tokens`: Maximum tokens per chunk (default: 512)
-  `use_gpu`: Whether to use GPU for processing (default: true)

> -  `clean_vector_db`: if True, the vector database will be cleared during running the pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `clean_vector_db`: The vector database will be cleared during running the pipeline (default: false)
```

# Kubeflow Docling ASR Conversion Pipeline for RAG

  

  

  

  

  

  

> 

Reviewer: Ohhhh that explains it. I left the same comment :smile:
